roadmap.md, before:

## Roadmap for getting ready for algorithm interview:

- [ ] solve famous 150 questions from one of these resources ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/0)
  - [150 question of neetcode roadmap](https://neetcode.io/roadmap)
  - [150 leetcode top interview](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-interview-150/)
- [ ] read [14 patterns of coding interview questions](https://hackernoon.com/14-patterns-to-ace-any-coding-interview-question-c5bb3357f6ed) ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/0)
- [ ] solve 75 famous questions from one of following sources ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/25)
  - [neetcode](https://neetcode.io/practice)
  - [leetcode study plan](https://leetcode.com/study-plan/leetcode-75/)
  - [this blog](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/best-practice-questions/)
  - [leetcode list](https://leetcode.com/list?selectedList=9prujqt7)
  - [another leetcode study plan](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/leetcode-75/)
- [ ] 
  read [Cracking the Coding Interview](https://www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/0984782850)
  book ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/0)
- [ ] read [Competitive Programming in Python](https://www.amazon.com/Competitive-Programming-Python-Algorithms-Develop-ebook/dp/B08K3MS9ML)
  book ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/10)

Commit message:

update my list based on reading craking the coding interview book

roadmap.md, after:

## Roadmap for getting ready for algorithm interview:

- [ ] solve famous 150 questions from one of these resources ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/0)
  - [150 question of neetcode roadmap](https://neetcode.io/roadmap)
  - [150 leetcode top interview](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-interview-150/)
- [ ] read [14 patterns of coding interview questions](https://hackernoon.com/14-patterns-to-ace-any-coding-interview-question-c5bb3357f6ed) ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/0)
- [ ] solve 75 famous questions from one of following sources ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/25)
  - [neetcode](https://neetcode.io/practice)
  - [leetcode study plan](https://leetcode.com/study-plan/leetcode-75/)
  - [this blog](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/best-practice-questions/)
  - [leetcode list](https://leetcode.com/list?selectedList=9prujqt7)
  - [another leetcode study plan](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/leetcode-75/)
- [ ] 
  read [Cracking the Coding Interview](https://www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/0984782850)
  book and solve leetcode problems based on [this](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1152824/cracking-the-coding-interview-6th-edition-in-leetcode#1) ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/5)
- [ ] read [Competitive Programming in Python](https://www.amazon.com/Competitive-Programming-Python-Algorithms-Develop-ebook/dp/B08K3MS9ML)
  book ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/10)
